ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/main/MainPresenter$$ViewStateProvider.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.main.MainPresenter$$ViewStateProvider
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/data/repositories/UserAvatarRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.repositories.UserAvatarRepositoryImpl_Factory
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/helpers/di/DaggerAppComponent.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$1
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$2
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$3
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$4
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$Builder
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$MainActivitySubcomponentFactory
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$MainActivitySubcomponentImpl
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$RepositoryFragmentSubcomponentFactory
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$RepositoryFragmentSubcomponentImpl
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$UserFragmentSubcomponentFactory
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$UserFragmentSubcomponentImpl
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$UsersFragmentSubcomponentFactory
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.DaggerAppComponent$UsersFragmentSubcomponentImpl
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/data/db/dao/GithubUserRepositoryDao_Impl.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.db.dao.GithubUserRepositoryDao_Impl
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.db.dao.GithubUserRepositoryDao_Impl$1
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.db.dao.GithubUserRepositoryDao_Impl$2
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.db.dao.GithubUserRepositoryDao_Impl$3
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/user/UserPresenter$$ViewStateProvider.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.user.UserPresenter$$ViewStateProvider
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/userrepositories/RepositoryFragment_MembersInjector.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.userrepositories.RepositoryFragment_MembersInjector
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/userrepositories/RepositoryPresenter_Factory.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.userrepositories.RepositoryPresenter_Factory
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/userrepositories/RepositoryView$$State.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.userrepositories.RepositoryView$$State
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.userrepositories.RepositoryView$$State$ShowExceptionCommand
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.userrepositories.RepositoryView$$State$ShowInfoCommand
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/databinding/UsersFragmentBinding.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.databinding.UsersFragmentBinding
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/helpers/di/modules/ApiModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.ApiModule_ProvideBaseUrlFactory
moxy/MvpView$$State.java
 moxy.MvpView$$State
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/main/MainActivity_MembersInjector.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.main.MainActivity_MembersInjector
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/data/repositories/GithubUsersRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.repositories.GithubUsersRepositoryImpl_Factory
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/helpers/di/modules/ApiModule_ProvideGithubApiFactory.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.ApiModule_ProvideGithubApiFactory
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/databinding/MainItemViewBinding.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.databinding.MainItemViewBinding
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/databinding/UserFragmentBinding.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.databinding.UserFragmentBinding
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/user/UserView$$State.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.user.UserView$$State
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.user.UserView$$State$InitCommand
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.user.UserView$$State$ShowExceptionCommand
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.user.UserView$$State$ShowUserCommand
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.user.UserView$$State$UpdateRepositoryListCommand
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/users/UsersPresenter$$ViewStateProvider.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.users.UsersPresenter$$ViewStateProvider
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/databinding/RepositoryItemViewBinding.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.databinding.RepositoryItemViewBinding
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/helpers/di/modules/UIModule_BindUsersFragment.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindUsersFragment
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindUsersFragment$UsersFragmentSubcomponent
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindUsersFragment$UsersFragmentSubcomponent$Factory
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/helpers/di/BaseDaggerFragment_MembersInjector.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.BaseDaggerFragment_MembersInjector
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/helpers/di/modules/UIModule_BindMainActivity.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindMainActivity
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindMainActivity$MainActivitySubcomponent
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindMainActivity$MainActivitySubcomponent$Factory
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/data/db/dao/GithubUserDao_Impl.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.db.dao.GithubUserDao_Impl
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.db.dao.GithubUserDao_Impl$1
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.db.dao.GithubUserDao_Impl$2
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.db.dao.GithubUserDao_Impl$3
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/users/UsersFragment_MembersInjector.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.users.UsersFragment_MembersInjector
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/helpers/di/BaseDaggerActivity_MembersInjector.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.BaseDaggerActivity_MembersInjector
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/user/UserFragment_MembersInjector.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.user.UserFragment_MembersInjector
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/helpers/di/modules/UIModule_BindRepositoryFragment.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindRepositoryFragment
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindRepositoryFragment$RepositoryFragmentSubcomponent
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindRepositoryFragment$RepositoryFragmentSubcomponent$Factory
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/users/UsersView$$State.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.users.UsersView$$State
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.users.UsersView$$State$InitCommand
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.users.UsersView$$State$ShowExceptionCommand
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.users.UsersView$$State$UpdateListCommand
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/databinding/MainActivityBinding.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.databinding.MainActivityBinding
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/data/db/cache/GithubCacheImpl_Factory.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.db.cache.GithubCacheImpl_Factory
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/userrepositories/RepositoryPresenter$$ViewStateProvider.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.userrepositories.RepositoryPresenter$$ViewStateProvider
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/helpers/di/modules/UIModule_BindUserFragment.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindUserFragment
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindUserFragment$UserFragmentSubcomponent
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.UIModule_BindUserFragment$UserFragmentSubcomponent$Factory
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/BasePresenter$$ViewStateProvider.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.BasePresenter$$ViewStateProvider
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/data/db/AppDB_Impl.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.db.AppDB_Impl
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.data.db.AppDB_Impl$1
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/helpers/di/modules/DBModule_ProvideAppDBFactory.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.di.modules.DBModule_ProvideAppDBFactory
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/BuildConfig.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.BuildConfig
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/baselogic/main/MainView$$State.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.baselogic.main.MainView$$State
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/helpers/NetworkStatusImpl_Factory.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.helpers.NetworkStatusImpl_Factory
ru/gendalf13666/popularlibraries/databinding/RepositoryFragmentBinding.java
 ru.gendalf13666.popularlibraries.databinding.RepositoryFragmentBinding
